Document end-to-end formulations with GEMD example (#586)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/data_extraction.rst

  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientIdentifierByProcessTemplateAndName`: for the id of the material being used in an ingredient, which can be used as a key for looking up that input material
  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientIdentifierInOutput`: for the id of a material used in an ingredient between the terminal material and a given set of processes (useful for ingredients used in multiple processes)
  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelByProcessAndName`: for a boolean that indicates whether an ingredient is assigned a given label

>   * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelsSetByProcessAndName`: for the set of labels applied to an ingredient in a process
>   * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelsSetInOutput`: for the set of labels applied to an ingredient between the terminal material and a given set of processes (useful for ingredients used in multiple processes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelsSetByProcessAndName`: for the set of labels belonging to an ingredient in a process
  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelsSetInOutput`: for the set of labels belonging to an ingredient between the terminal material and a given set of processes (useful for ingredients used in multiple processes)
```

* String and boolean valued fields, like identifiers and non-attribute fields

 * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.columns.IdentityColumn`: for simply casting the value to a string, which doesn't work on values from Attributes

* Collections of values

>  * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.columns.ConcatColumn`: for concatenating multiple columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * :class:`~citrine.gemtables.columns.ConcatColumn`: for concatenating the results of a list- or set-valued result, such as is returned by :class:`~citrine.gemtables.variables.IngredientLabelsSetInOutput`:
```
